You cannot truly understand the contract unless you read it in its entirety.
To encourage you in this endeavor,
this training will provide opportunities to read through
each article and then check yourself on your ability and
confidence to recall its contents.
For example, the "Read the Contract" exercise allows you to
read an article, as well as any other articles related to it.
Because the Master Agreement does not stand alone,
you will have the opportunity to read the article's references
that should be read in conjunction with it,
such as laws, regulations, or VA Policy.
These references when combined with an article are necessary to
fully understand the context of the Master Agreement.